#Privacy Policy

RGB Tapper ("we", "us" or "our") is committed to respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect information when you use our mobile application RGB Tapper ("the App"). By using the App, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
While using our App, we may ask you to provide certain personally identifiable information, such as your email address, for purposes like user support or communication. We will not share your personal information with any third parties, except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Google Play Services Log Data
We use Google Play Services to provide and improve our App. Google Play Services may collect information such as your device's Internet Protocol (IP) address, device name, operating system version, and other relevant statistics. This information is used to enhance the performance and functionality of our App.

Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device that help us improve the user experience of our App. Our App may use cookies to store user preferences and other information. You can choose to disable cookies in your device's settings, but doing so may affect the functionality of our App.

Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our App, provide App-related services, or assist us in analyzing how our App is used. These third parties have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Security
The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites
Our App may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children's Privacy
Our App does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
